





    

    

    

    USAJOBS - Job Announcement



    

    



    



    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    







    

    

        html {

            display: none;

        }

    

     if (self == top) { document.documentElement.style.display = 'block'; } else { top.location = self.location; } 





    















    

        

            

                

                    

                    An official website of the United States government

                

                

                

            

        

    

    

        

            

                

                    

                        

                            

                        

                    

                    

                        

                                                          

                                

                                                                            

                                    

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                    

                                    

                                                                

                                                                   

                                    Home

                                    Profile

                                    Documents

                                    Username &amp; Password

                                    Sign Out

                                

                            

                            

                                

                                    

                                    Help

                                

                            

                            

                                

                                    

                                    Search

                                

                            

                        

                    

                

                

                        

                            

                                

                                    

                                    Keywords

                                

                                

                            

                            

                                

                                    

                                    Location

                                

                                

                                

                            

                            

                                

                                    Search

                                

                            

                        

                

                    

                        Create an account to get started — build your profile, create or upload resumes and apply for jobs.

                    

            

        

    

















    

        

            

                

                Prev

            

            

                

                Back to results

            

            

                Next 

            

        

    

    

        

            

                

                    Data Analyst 

                

                Department of Defense

                

                    National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency

                

            

        

        

        

        

        

        

    

        

            

                

                    Overview

                

            

            

                

                    Locations

                

            

            

                

                    Duties

                

            

            

                

                    Requirements

                

            

            

                

                    Required Documents

                

            

            

                

                    Benefits

                

            

            

                

                    How to apply

                

            

            

                

                

            

        

    





        

            

                

                    

                        

                            

                                

                                     Help

                                

                                Overview

                                    

        

            

                

                    Open &amp; closing dates

                

            

            

                

                10/06/2017 to 12/30/2017

            

        

        

            

                

                    Salary

                

            

            

                $60,613 to $123,234 per year

            

        

        

            

                

                    Pay scale &amp; grade

                

            

            

                IA 03

            

        

        

            

                

                    Work schedule

                

            

            

                Full-Time - Full Time

            

        

        

            

                

                    Appointment type

                

            

            

                Permanent - This is a permanent position.

            

        

    





                            

                            

                                

                                     Help

                                

                                Locations

                                    2 vacancies in the following locations:

                                

                                            

                                                

                                                    

                                                        

                                                    

                                                    

                                                        

                                                            

                                                        

                                                        

                                                            Saint Louis, MO 

                                                        

                                                        

                                                            1 vacancy

                                                        

                                                    

                                                

                                            

                                            

                                                

                                                    

                                                        

                                                    

                                                    

                                                        

                                                            

                                                        

                                                        

                                                            Springfield, VA 

                                                        

                                                        

                                                            1 vacancy

                                                        

                                                    

                                                

                                            

                                                                                                        



                               

                                

                                        

                                            

                                                

                                                    Relocation expenses reimbursed

                                                

                                            

                                            

                                                Yes

PERMANENT CHANGE IN STATION: PCS expenses are authorized.                                            

                                        



                                

                            

                        



                        

                            

                                

                                     Help

                                                                

                                This job is open to

                                

                                        

                                            

                                                

                                                        

                                                            

                                                        

                                                

                                                

                                                    

                                                        The public

                                                    

                                                    

                                                        U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S., and excepted service employees.

                                                    

                                                

                                            

                                        

                                

                            

                            

                                

                                            Apply

                                

                                

                                    

                                         Print

                                    



    

         Share

    

    

        

            

                 Email

            

        

        

            

                 Facebook

            

        

        

            

                 Google+

            

        

        

            

                 LinkedIn

            

        

        

            

                 Twitter

            

        

            

                

                     Shorten link

                

            

    

                                        

                                            Save

                                        

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Announcement number

                                        

                                            20180080

                                        

                                    

                                    

                                        Control number

                                        

                                            480934900

                                        

                                    

                                

                            

                        

                    



                    

                        

                            

                                

                                    

                                        Duties

                                    

                                    

                                        

                                             Help

                                        

                                        Duties

                                        Summary

                                        

                                            JOB DESCRIPTION: Band 3 Data Analysts apply moderately complex tools and algorithms to identify trends and patterns in data. They communicate with stakeholders and conduct research to develop an intermediate understanding of relevant programs and requirements. These analysts identify and collect moderately structured data from various sources, evaluate the data to ensure that they meet analytic needs, and prepare the data for analysis. They also select, apply, and assess a variety of analytic models and techniques, and review and verify the results. They prepare reports and briefings and consult with stakeholders to communicate findings.                                           

                                                

                                                    Learn more about this agency

                                                                                            

                                        

                                        Responsibilities

                                        

                                            

                                                ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: NGA seeks Data Analyst who understands data, how to view it, manipulate it, influence it and analyze it to support missions such as National Intelligence, National Security, Military Operations, Military Planning, and Disaster Relief and Preparedness for a diverse audience including the Department of Defense, the Intelligence Community, and senior US and foreign government officials up to and including The United States Congress and the President of the United States. The Data Analyst will be part of a multi-disciplinary team constructed to use design and computational thinking to find scalable solutions to the Agency's most challenging and highest priority problems sets.  

Band 03: Data Analysts apply moderately complex tools and algorithms to identify trends and patterns in data. They communicate with stakeholders and conduct research to develop an intermediate understanding of relevant programs and requirements. These analysts identify and collect moderately structured data from various sources, evaluate the data to ensure that they meet analytic needs, and prepare the data for analysis. They also select, apply, and assess a variety of analytic models and techniques, and review and verify the results. They prepare reports and briefings and consult with stakeholders to communicate findings.

* Analyze and interpret statistical data to identify trends or relationships among variables and factors that could affect the results of research 
* Apply mathematical principles or statistical approaches to solve moderately complex problems in scientific or applied fields
* Prepare statistical reports, to include graphics or other visual representations of information

Band 04: Data Analysts lead efforts to apply complex tools and algorithms to identify trends and patterns in data. They communicate with stakeholders and conduct research to develop a comprehensive understanding of relevant programs and requirements. These analysts identify and collect unstructured data from various sources, evaluate the data to ensure that they meet analytic needs, and prepare the data for analysis. They also select, apply, and assess advanced analytic models and techniques, and review and verify the results. They lead the preparation of reports and briefings and consult with stakeholders to communicate findings. 

* Analyze and interpret statistical data and communicate the identified trends or relationships among variables and factors that could affect the results of research 
* Apply mathematical principles or statistical approaches to solve complex problems in scientific or applied fields
* Identify the proper techniques and reports necessary to present results of analyses to intended audiences

                                            

                                        



                                        

                                            

                                                    

                                                        

                                                            Supervisory status

                                                        

                                                    

                                                    

                                                        No

                                                    

                                            

                                            

                                            

                                        

                                            

                                                Who May Apply

                                                This job is open to…

                                                External Applicants Only 

                                                

                                                    

                                                            Questions? This job is open to 1 group.

                                                    

                                                

                                            

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Job family (Series)

                                            

                                                

                                                    1501 General Mathematics And Statistics

                                                

                                            

                                                                            

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Requirements

                                    

                                    

                                        

                                             Help

                                        

                                        Requirements

                                         Conditions of Employment

                                            

                                                    US Citizenship is required.

                                                    Designated or Random Drug Testing required.

                                                    Security Investigation

                                            

                                            

                                            SPECIAL INFO:- U.S. Citizenship Required
- Security Clearance (Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented Information)
- Polygraph Test Required
- Position Subject to Drug Testing
- Two Year Probationary Period
- Direct Deposit RequiredSPECIAL REQUIREMENTS:You must be able to obtain and retain a Top Secret security clearance with access to Sensitive Compartmented Information. In addition, you are subject to a Counterintelligence Polygraph examination in order to maintain access to Top Secret information. All employees are subject to a periodic examination on a random basis in order to determine continued eligibility. Refusal to take the examination may result in denial of access to Top Secret information, SAP, and/or unescorted access to SCIFs.

Employees with SCI access and who are under NGA cognizance are required to submit a Security Financial Disclosure Report, SF-714, on an annual basis in order to determine continued eligibility. Failure to comply may negatively impact continued access to Top Secret information, Information Systems, SAP, and/or unescorted access to SCIFs.NGA utilizes all processes and procedures of the Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS). Non-executive NGA employees are assigned to five distinct pay bands based on the type and scope of work performed. The employee's base salary is established within their assigned pay band based on their unique qualifications. A performance pay process is conducted each year to determine a potential base pay salary increase and/or bonus. An employee's annual performance evaluation is a key factor in the performance pay process. Employees on term or temporary appointments are not eligible to apply for internal assignment opportunity notices. 

This position is a DCIPS position in the Excepted Service under 10 U.S.C. 1601.  DoD Components with DCIPS positions apply Veterans' Preference to preference eligible candidates as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 USC, in accordance with the procedures provided in DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 2005, DCIPS Employment and Placement. If you are an external applicant claiming veterans' preference, as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 U.S.C., you must self-identify your eligibility in our ERecruit application.

This position is funded by the National Intelligence Program (NIP).

                                            



                                        

                                             Qualifications



                                            

                                                DESIRABLE QUALIFICATION CRITERIA: In addition to the mandatory qualifications, experience in the following is desired: 

1) Education: Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Data Science, Geographic Information Science, Informatics and Computing, Information Science, Operations Research, Statistics, or a related discipline;
2) Experience: Software Coding: C++ Java, AND/OR Statistics & Modelling: R, Python, AND/OR Query Languages: SQL, NoSQL, AND/OR Scripting: JavaScript, Python, Cloud Services Design, Algorithm Development, Data Visualization, Big Data /Data Modelling, Machine Vision & Deep Learning, Optimization.

                                            

                                        



                                        

                                            Education

                                            

                                            

                                        





                                        

                                            Additional information

                                            

                                                

                                            

                                            Read more

                                        



                                        

                                             How You Will Be Evaluated

                                            

                                                You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

                                                

                                                    Applicants are NOT required to submit a cover letter. The entire cover letter cannot exceed the specified limits provided in the Cover Letter field (3,000 characters). Pages exceeding this limit will not be considered. THE COVER LETTER IS RECOMMENDED BUT IS NOT REQUIRED FOR EMPLOYMENT CONSIDERATION WITH THE NATIONAL GEOSPATIAL-INTELLIGENCE AGENCY.APPLICANT EVALUATION PROCESS: Applicants will be evaluated for this job opportunity in three stages: 

1) All applicants will be evaluated using the Mandatory Qualification Criteria, 
2) Qualified applicants will then be evaluated by an expert or panel of experts using a combination of qualification criteria to determine the best-qualified candidates, 
3) Best-qualified applicants may then be further evaluated through an interview process. 

Applicants are encouraged to carefully review the Assignment Description, Additional Information Provided By the Selecting Official, and the Qualification Requirements; and then construct their resumes to highlight their most relevant and significant experience and education for this job opportunity. This description should include examples that detail the level and complexity of the performed work. Applicants are encouraged to provide any education information referenced in the announcement. If education is listed as a mandatory requirement, only degrees obtained from an institution accredited by an accrediting organization recognized by the Secretary, US Department of Education will be accepted.  

As a condition of employment at NGA, persons being considered for employment must meet NGA fitness for employment standards.

In accordance with section 9902(h) of title 5, United States Code, annuitants reemployed in the Department of Defense shall receive full annuity and salary upon appointment. They shall not be eligible for retirement contributions, participation in the Thrift Savings Plan, or a supplemental or redetermined annuity for the reemployment period. Discontinued service retirement annuitants (i.e., retired under section 8336(d)(1) or 8414(b)(1)(A) of title 5, United States Code) appointed to the Department of Defense may elect to be subject to retirement provisions of the new appointment as appropriate. (See DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 300, at http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives.)

All candidates will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, disability, or sexual orientation.

NGA provides reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. Applications will only be accepted online. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify us at recruitment@nga.mil. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be on a case-by-case basis.

                                                

                                                

                                            Read more



                                            

                                                Background checks and security clearance

                                                

                                                        

                                                            Security clearance

                                                            

                                                                

                                                                    Top Secret/SCI

                                                                

                                                            

                                                        



                                                

                                            

                                        

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Required Documents

                                                                        

                                    

                                        

                                             Help

                                        

                                        Required Documents

                                        

                                            

                                                None

                                            

                                            

                                                

                                                    If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:

                                                

                                                

                                                    Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from

                                                    schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.

                                                

                                                

                                                    Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.

                                                

                                            

                                        

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Benefits

                                    

                                    

                                        

                                             Help

                                        

                                        Benefits

                                        

                                                

                                                     A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding.

                                                

                                                

                                                    

                                                        

                                                            Benefits for federal employees

                                                        

                                                    

                                                    

                                                        

                                                            Healthcare insurance

                                                        

                                                    

                                                    

                                                        

                                                            Pay and leave

                                                        

                                                    

                                                

                                            

                                                http://www.intelligencecareers.gov/NGA/ngabenefits.html

                                                                                            

                                                    Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.

                                                

                                        

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        How to Apply

                                    

                                    

                                        

                                             Help

                                        

                                        How to Apply

                                        

                                            Application submission involves applying using NGA's on-line application process. Application Instructions can be found by visiting: http://www.intelligencecareers.gov/NGA

All announcements close at 11:59PM EDT on the closing date listed. Be sure to complete and submit your application by that time in order to be considered. 

ONLY ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED.

                                        

                                        Read more

                                        

                                            Agency contact information

                                            

                                                

                                                Recruitment

                                            



                                            

                                                

                                                    Phone

                                                    

                                                         571-557-1999

                                                    





                                                    Email

                                                    

                                                        

                                                            Recruitment@nga.mil

                                                        

                                                    

                                                

                                                

                                                    Address

                                                    

                                                    

                                                        NATIONAL GEOSPATIAL-INTELLIGENCE AGENCY

                                                        Mailstop: S44-HDR

7500 GEOINT Drive 

                                                        Springfield,

                                                        VA                                                         

                                                        US                                                       

                                                    

                                                

                                                                                        

                                                

                                                    Learn more about this agency

                                                                                            

                                        



                                        Next steps

                                        

                                            

                                                After visiting https://www.nga.mil/Careers and applying via NGA's on-line application process, applicants can follow their status via that same NGA on-line application functionality. Several other topics relating to what is involved in the hiring process and how long it takes can be found by visiting http://www.intelligencecareers.gov/NGA and choosing Frequently Asked Questions.

                                            

                                        Read more

                                    

                                

                                

                                    

                                        Fair &amp; Transparent

                                    

                                    

                                        Fair &amp; Transparent

                                        

                                            The Federal hiring process is setup to be fair and transparent. Please read the following guidance.

                                        

                                         Equal Employment Opportunity Policy

                                        

                                            

                                                The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor.

                                            

                                            

                                                

                                                    

                                                        Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) office at OPM

                                                    





                                                

                                                

                                                    

                                                        Office of Equal Opportunity

                                                    

                                                

                                            

                                        Read more

                                         Reasonable Accommodation Policy

                                        

                                            

                                                Federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the hiring agency directly. Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.

                                            

                                            

                                                A reasonable accommodation is any change to a job, the work environment, or the way things are usually done that enables an individual with a disability to apply for a job, perform job duties or receive equal access to job benefits.

                                            

                                            

                                                Under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodations when:



                                                

                                                    An applicant with a disability needs an accommodation to have an equal opportunity to apply for a job.

                                                    An employee with a disability needs an accommodation to perform the essential job duties or to gain access to the workplace.

                                                    An employee with a disability needs an accommodation to receive equal access to benefits, such as details, training, and office-sponsored events.

                                                

                                            

                                            

                                            

                                                You can request a reasonable accommodation at any time during the application or hiring process or while on the job. Requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.

                                            

                                            

                                                Learn more about disability employment and reasonable accommodations or how to contact an agency.

                                            

                                       



Read more



                                         Legal and regulatory guidance

                                        

                                            

                                                Financial suitability

                                            

                                            

                                                

                                                    Social security number request

                                                

                                            

                                            

                                                

                                                    Privacy Act

                                                

                                            

                                            

                                                

                                                    Signature and false statements

                                                

                                            

                                            

                                                

                                                    Selective Service

                                                

                                            

                                            

                                                

                                                    New employee probationary period

                                                

                                            

                                        

                                    

                                

                            

                        

                      



                        

                            This job originated on www.usajobs.gov. For the full announcement and to apply,

                            visit www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/480934900.

                            Only resumes submitted according to the instructions on the job announcement listed at www.usajobs.gov will be considered.

                        

                    

                

            

        

    









    

        

            

                View Map

                        

            

                

                    Please wait while map is being generated.

                

                

                    

                

            

            

                

                    Close

                

            

        

    







    

        

            

                Beginning of a dialog window for the agency announcing this job. It begins with a heading 2 called "Learn more about Field Operating Offices of the Office of the Secretary of the Army". Escape will cancel and close the window.

            

            

                

                    Learn more about

                

                

                    National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency

                

            

            



                

                    

                

                

                    

                        Agency contact information

                        

                            

                            Recruitment

                        

                        

                            

                                Phone

                                

                                     571-557-1999

                                

                                Email

                                

                                    

                                        Recruitment@nga.mil

                                    

                                

                            

                            

                                Address

                                

                                

                                    NATIONAL GEOSPATIAL-INTELLIGENCE AGENCY

                                    Mailstop: S44-HDR

7500 GEOINT Drive 

                                    Springfield 

                                    VA 

                                    US

                                

                            

                        

                        

                            Learn more about this agency

                        

                    



                

            

                

                    Visit our careers page

                    

                        Learn more about what it's like to work at National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, what the agency does, and about the types of careers this agency offers.

                    

                    

                        https://www.nga.mil/about/pages/default.aspx/

                    

                



            

                

                    Close

                

            

        

    





    

        

            

                Beginning of a dialog window for your session has expired. Escape will cancel And close the window.

            

            

                Your Session is About to Expire!

            

            

                

                    

                        Your USAJOBS session will expire due to inactivity in three minutes.  

                        Any unsaved data will be lost if you allow the session to expire.  

                        Click the button below to continue your session.                            

                    

                

            

            

                Logoff

                Stay Logged In

            

            

                

                    Close

                

            

        

    













    

            Return to top

    

    

        

            

                

                    

                        Job Applications

                    

                    

                         All

                    

                    

                         Advancing

                    

                    

                         Paused

                    

                    

                         Stopped

                    

                

                

                    Account

                    

                            Home

                    

                    

                        Profile

                    

                    

                        Documents

                    

                    

                        Saved Jobs

                    

                    

                        Saved Searches

                    

                    

                        Username &amp; Password

                    

                

                

                    Help

                    

                        Help Center

                    

                    

                        About USAJOBS

                    

                    

                        Contact Us

                    

                    

                        FAQs

                    

                    

                        Get Started

                    

                    

                        How to…

                    

                    

                        

                            Working in Government

                        

                    

                

            

        

    



    

        

            

                

                

                    USAJOBS is a United States Office of Personnel Management website.

                

            



            

                

                    

                        

                    

                    

                        

                    

                    

                        

                    

                    

                        

                    

                    

                        

                    

                

            

        

            

                

                    

                        EEO Policy Statement

                        Reasonable Accommodation Policy Statement

                        Veterans Information

                        Legal and Regulatory Guidance

                    

                

            

 

        

            

                

                    Budget and Performance

                    FOIA

                    Inspector General

                    No Fear Act Data

                    Privacy Policy

                    USA.gov

                

            

        

    















    

    



    



    

        var acHostUrl = "https://ac.usajobs.gov/locationAC"

        var lis = false;

        var myInactivity = ((30 - 3) * 60 * 1000);

        var mySessionTimeout = (30 * 60 * 1000);

        var usajobsConfig = {"DataHome":"https://data.usajobs.gov/","MediaHome":"https://media.usajobs.gov/","BingKey":"Aq2HseksGy7yVZIw7TqmI6AQrgSsye0gPEVVGauJnnP1Zz9aGAgnVFjBERPX5otI"};

        var protocol = new String();

        var hostName = new String();

        pathname = window.parent.document.location.pathname;

        hostName = window.location.host;

        $(function () {

            if (lis) {

                if (typeof $.jobsIdleTimeout === 'function') {

                    $.jobsIdleTimeout({

                        redirAfter: mySessionTimeout,

                        warnAfter: myInactivity,

                        noconfirm: 180000

                    });

                }

            };

        });

    

    

    





        







