


	
		 -->



                                


	        
          	
		
window.jQuery || document.write('')                  
		
		
		
		
		
		
		Job Listings | Bucks County Community College
                  
		
			
		
          
          	
	
	
	
		
	
		
		

		
  (function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
  (i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),
  m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
  })(window,document,'script','https://www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');

  ga('create', 'UA-2542475-18', 'auto');
  ga('send', 'pageview');


		                                
	
	
	
		Jump to page content






Courses and Programs

Quicklinks

MyBucks



Hidden form field 1
    

Character set (hidden field)
    
Enter a search term

    

Submit Search
    





		
		
			
				
					
                    	
                				
				
					
						ApplyRegisterLibraryCalendarsWeb Accessibility
					
				
			
			
			


About Bucks
At a GlanceAccreditationsBoard of TrusteesCampusesCatalogContact UsComplianceConsumer InformationDirectoriesEmploymentFacilities RentalFAQsFoundation/AlumniHistoryMission &amp; VisionPresident's WelcomePurchasingSustainability


Academics
Academic AdvisingAcademic CalendarAcademic DepartmentsAcademic Success CenterBusiness @ BucksCenter for Workforce Development Continuing EducationCourses &amp; MajorsFaculty CenterFind CoursesHonors @ BucksLearning ResourcesNon-Credit CoursesOnline CoursesPerkins GrantPrior Learning AssessmentPublic Safety TrainingTestingTransfer ServicesUpcoming Semester Offerings


Admissions
Apply NowAdmissions InformationAssessment TestingFinancial AidFind Courses and Registration InformationHow to EnrollServicesOrientationPayment OptionsStudent AccountsStudent RecordsTour Our CampusTuition &amp; FeesUpcoming EventsWhy Bucks?Summer Session


Campus Life
AthleticsBookstoreCenter for Personal &amp; Professional DevelopmentChild CareClubs &amp; OrganizationsCredit UnionFitness CenterFood ServicesIT ServicesLibraryNew/Current StudentsSecurity &amp; SafetyTrips and Travel ClubStudent Life


e-Resources
BucksMailBucks Online (Virtual Campus)CanvasFaculty Online ResourcesHelp Desk and Services CenterInformation TechnologyLogin InformationMobile AppMyBucksPassword ManagerPrintingSocial MediaStudent Online ResourcesSystem StatusWebAdvisor


News &amp; Events
Academic CalendarArts &amp; EntertainmentAthletics CalendarCalendar of EventsCommencementCultural Events CalendarLectures &amp; ConferencesNews ReleasesOpen HouseStudent Events CalendarAdd an EventNew Opportunities


Student Services
Accessibility OfficeAESLCareer ServicesCounseling ServicesHelp DeskKEYS ProgramPrior Learning AssessmentTransfer ServicesVeterans



            
				
		
		
		
			
				Home > About Bucks > Employment > Job Listings
 > Browse
				
		
				
					
						
							
	Current Job Listings

	
		
			Nurse Aide Training Program Instructor
			Department: Health Sciences
			
				
					Location: Newtown Campus
12 week Instructor position (13-14 hours per week; Fall, Spring, Summer).

Primary and/or Co-Primary Instructor (RN) are responsible for 100% of the training.  Assistant Instructors (RN/LPN) are responsible for no more than 49% of the training.  The Nurse Aide Instructor will abide by all standards, guidelines, regulations and contract rules of Bucks County Community College, the Pennsylvania Department of Education (PDE), National Nurse Aide Assessment Program (NNAAP) and the Affiliated Long-Term Care Facility during classroom, skills lab and clinical instruction.

Open until filled.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Must have worked as a Registered Nurse for a minimum of 200 hours over the course of one year in a long-term care facility.
							
							Associates degree or Licensed Practical Nurse (Co-Instructor only).
							
							Child Abuse Clearance.
							
							PPD test.
							
							Must obtain PA Criminal Background Check
							
							PA Department of Education – Training the Educator Certification.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Nurse Aide Training Program Instructor

		

	
		
			Part-Time Faculty - Mathematics
			Department: Science, Technology, Engineering &amp; Mathematics (STEM)
			
				
					Location: Courses taught at all three campuses.  Day and evening faculty needed.

Part-time Faculty in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics Department (STEM). Discipline: Mathematics-to teach full range of mathematics courses, including Statistics and Developmental courses. 

Required: Master’s Degree in Mathematics. Preferred: Experience teaching in a Community College setting, experience with Learning Management Systems.

Open until filled.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Master&#39;s degree in Mathematics
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Part-Time Faculty - Mathematics

		

	
		
			Coach, Assistant Basketball
			Department: Athletics
			
				
					Location: Newtown campus

The Women’s Assistant Basketball Coach position is a seasonal position and is responsible for supporting the head coach in executing the organization, administration and coaching of the Women's Basketball program.

Primary Duties:
•   Support and assist the head coach to execute a clearly defined philosophy of coaching and teaching of Women's Basketball.
•   Recruit qualified and competitive student-athletes to play Women’s Basketball for Bucks County Community College. 
•   Assist Head Women’s Basketball coach with game preparation, home and away competition procedures.
•   Tracks and inventories equipment and uniforms and reports deficiencies.
•   Assist with student-athletes’ academic progress and provide support.
•   Support and assist with retention initiatives in conjunction with the Director, Athletics, including enforcing academic support plan and supporting both the Completion and Student Success Agenda of the College.
•   Assist with fundraising activities, to meet teams’ financial goals.
•   Display a commitment to equality in player development and training.
•   Scout and prepare team for competition.
•   Coordinate the collection of team statistics for each game.
•   Comply with Bucks County Community College, National Junior College Athletic Association (NJCAA),   Easter Pennsylvania Athletic Conference (EPAC) rules and regulations, and all other aspects of directing a quality intercollegiate Women's Basketball program.

Position open until filled.

Department #: 61601

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Associate degree or an equivalent amount of coaching /playing experience.
							
							One to three years of coaching experience at the high school or college level.
							
							Extensive knowledge and experience coaching Basketball.
							
							Knowledge of NCAA and NJCAA rules and compliance.
							
							Valid Driver’s License.
							
							CPR certification; First Aid preferred.
							
						
					
				

				
					A driver's license check will be part of applying for this position.
				
			

			Apply for Coach, Assistant Basketball

		

	
		
			Instructor/Assistant Instructor, Industrial Skills Training Programs
			Department: Workforce Development
			
				
					Locations: AMTC in Bristol or the Bucks County Public Safety Training Center in Doylestown

Status: Part-time

Bucks County Community College is seeking qualified individuals to join our team of talented industrial skills instructors. Must be available to work during the day, 8:30 am – 3:00 pm. These are part-time positions with a flexible schedule.

Instructors will be responsible for instructing participants in a variety of industrial skills training programs; and should have a broad array of industry skills related to metalwork and/or industrial maintenance, including blueprint reading, shop math, measurement, and safety. Machine knowledge (CNC, lathes, welding, drill press, band saw, and milling) and/or industrial maintenance experience (electrical/mechanical fabrication, PLCs, motor drives, hydraulics, pneumatics) preferred.

Primary Duties:

Maintain all student attendance, test score information, and paperwork associated with the course.
Instruct/assistant instruct, identify supplies/materials/equipment required for class and maintain equipment.

Course Structure – classes are conducted Monday – Thursday for approximately 7-12 weeks. Class will be in classroom and hands on in lab/shop setting.

Position open until filled.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							High School diploma and 3 years of experience or Associates Degree.
							
							Over 10 years in industrial setting which may include electrical, welding, mechanical, troubleshooting, machining, safety and CNC skills.
							
							Must also have ability to mentor learners in soft skills such as teamwork, professional work behaviors, and professional communication.
							
							Adult teaching experience preferred. Familiarity with facilities maintenance a plus.
							
							Experience in one or more of the following: industrial maintenance (electro-mechanical), metalwork, machining, blueprint reading, shop math and measurement.
							
							Knowledge of MS Office for email and record keeping.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Instructor/Assistant Instructor, Industrial Skills Training Programs

		

	
		
			Part-time Instructor – Medical Laboratory Technician
			Department: Health Sciences
			
				
					Location: Lower Bucks Campus

The part-time Medical Laboratory Technician instructors are responsible for creating a premier, student-centered learning environment accessible to individual learners with diverse educational needs and goals. This position will teach the Medical Laboratory Technician (MLT) classroom, laboratory, and clinical component of the MLT Program. The part-time faculty position will be located at Bucks County Community College’s Lower Bucks Campus in Bristol, PA. Non-credit.  

Essential Functions: 
Facilitate student learning.
Prepare and deliver learning activities that are consistent with program and course learning outcomes. 
Provide instruction using discipline specific technology, educational standards of delivery, and a variety of methods of instruction. 
Improve student learning by keeping abreast of advances in the discipline and pedagogy.
Participate in review of curriculum process.
Actively engage students in critical thinking, meta-cognitive processes, and interpersonal workplace skills.
Cultivate open-minded inquiry.
Encourage thoughtful, self-reflective assessment.
Promote cooperation and mutual respect among students. 
Infuse multicultural and diverse perspectives into the instructional process as appropriate and conduct classes in a manner that demonstrates respect for individual and cultural differences. 
Participate in professional development.
Apply technology and skills to tasks designated by the administration and professional development activities. 

Position will remain open until filled.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Required: Bachelor’s Degree in Medical Technology/Clinical Laboratory Science (Preferred: Master’s Degree in Medical Technology, Health Sciences, Education, or a related field).
							
							American Society for Clinical Pathology Certification/Medical Laboratory Scientist Generalist.
							
							Clinical laboratory experience, working in Hematology, Immunohematology, Clinical Chemistry, and Diagnostic Microbiology.
							
							Three years teaching experience.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Part-time Instructor – Medical Laboratory Technician

		

	
		
			Part-time Faculty - Emergency Management &amp; Fire Science
			Department: Business Studies
			
				
					Location: Courses could be taught at any of the three campuses, two Fire Schools, online, or hybrid.  Day, evening, and/or weekend availability may be needed.

Part-time Faculty in Business Studies Department. Disciplines: Fire Science (FRSC) and Emergency Management (PUBS).

•   PUBS: Emergency Management Application: The successful candidate will meet and teach Emergency Management Application courses. The Emergency Management Program is an AAS degree that stresses the fundamental skills of emergency management while providing interdisciplinary study covering the related skills and practices of emergency planning and leadership. The main purpose of the program is to cover the needs of emergency management professionals, addressing the various aspects of natural and human caused disasters.

•   FRSC: Fire Science: The successful candidate will meet and teach Fire Science courses. The Fire Science programs are designed for those in the fire service, those seeking employment in the fire service, and for those individuals working in the private sector that deal with the disciplines of fire protection, prevention, and investigation. Our programs deliver a solid educational foundation to students through the highest quality fire service training, providing them with the best opportunity for employment, promotion, and personal growth within the fire service community.  Experience with FESHE Curriculum is preferred.

Courses:
FRSC-100: Introduction to Fire Science:  Industry Certifications (ProBoard or IFSAC) to the Fire Fighter 2 (NFPA 1001) level including FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) ICS-300 and ICS-400.

FRSC-103: Building Construction for Fire Protection:  Industry Certifications (ProBoard or IFSAC) to the Fire Fighter 2 (NFPA 1001) level including FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) IS-100 and IS-700, and be a recognized NFA (National Fire Academy) or State Outreach Instructor for both Principals of Building Construction: Combustible and Principals of Building Construction: Non-Combustible.

FRSC-104: Fire Prevention and Code Enforcement:  Industry Certifications (ProBoard or IFSAC) to the Fire Inspector 2 (NFPA 1031) level.

FRSC-105: Fire Protection Systems:  Industry Certifications (ProBoard or IFSAC) to the Fire Inspector 2 (NFPA 1031) level.

FRSC-112: Fire Behavior and Combustion:  Industry Certifications (ProBoard or IFSAC) to the Fire Fighter 2 (NFPA 1001), Fire Investigator (NFPA 1033), &amp; Hazardous Materials Technician (NFPA 472) levels.

FRSC-114: Principles of Fire and Emergency Services Safety and Survival:  Industry Certifications (ProBoard or IFSAC) to the Fire Department Safety Officer – Incident Safety Officer (NFPA 1521) &amp; Fire Department Safety Officer – Health and Safety Officer (NFPA 1521) levels.

FRSC-201: Firefighting Strategy and Tactics:  Industry Certifications/Credentials to the course level.

FRSC-202: Hazardous Materials:  Industry Certifications (ProBoard or IFSAC) to the Hazardous Materials Technician (NFPA 472) &amp; Hazardous Materials Incident Commander (NFPA 472) levels, and FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) ICS-300 &amp; ICS-400.

FRSC-204: Legal Aspects of Emergency Services:  Degree in legal field, can be substituted for public safety field degree, with emergency services background, current legal experience in the field, current fire experience in the field, and industry certification to the course level. 

FRSC-206: Fire Investigation I:  Industry Certification (ProBoard or IFSAC) to the Fire Investigator (NFPA 1033) level, and extensive relevant and current experience with NFPA 921 – Guide for Fire and Explosion Investigation.

FRSC-208: Principle of Fire and Emergency Services Administration:  Industry Certification (ProBoard or IFSAC) to the Fire Company Officer 3 (NFPA 1021) level, and FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) ICS-300 &amp; ICS-400.

FRSC-209: Occupational Safety and Health for Emergency Services:  Industry Certification (ProBoard or IFSAC) to the Fire Department Safety Officer – Incident Safety Officer (NFPA 1521) and Fire Department Safety Officer – Health &amp; Safety Officer (NFPA 1521) levels, and FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) ICS-300 &amp; ICS-400.

FRSC-210: Fire and Life Safety Education:  Industry Certification (ProBoard or IFSAC) to the Public Fire and Life Safety Educator 2 (NFPA 1035) level.

FRSC-214: Fire Plans Review:  Industry Certification (ProBoard or IFSAC) to the Plans Examiner 2 (NFPA 1031) &amp; Fire Inspector 2 (NFPA 1031) levels.

FRSC-216: Fire Investigation II:  Industry Certification (ProBoard or IFSAC) to the Fire Investigator (NFPA 1033) level, and extensive relevant and current experience with NFPA 921 – Guide for Fire and Explosion Investigation.

FRSC-227: Pre-Emergency Planning:  An extensive and current background in preplanning to the current NFPA practices and building/fire codes.

PUBS-101: Introduction to Emergency Management:  Industry Certifications that include FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) IS-1, IS-100, IS-139, IS-200, IS-230, IS-235, IS-240, IS-241, IS-242, IS-244, IS-547, IS-700, IS-775, IS-800, ICS-300, and ICS-400.

PUBS-104: Crisis Management and Critical Incident Stress:  Industry Certifications that include FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) IS-1, IS-100, IS-139, IS-200, IS-230, IS-235, IS-240, IS-241, IS-242, IS-244, IS-547, IS-700, IS-775, IS-800, ICS-300, and ICS-400 and critical incident stress training.

PUBS-206: Business Continuity Management:  Industry Certifications that include FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) IS-1, IS-100, IS-139, IS-200, IS-230, IS-235, IS-240, IS-241, IS-242, IS-244, IS-547, IS-700, IS-775, IS-800, ICS-300, and ICS-400.

PUBS-207: Emergency Management Exercise Design:  Industry Certifications that include FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) IS-1, IS-100, IS-139, IS-200, IS-230, IS-235, IS-240, IS-241, IS-242, IS-244, IS-547, IS-700, IS-775, IS-800, ICS-300, and ICS-400 and HSEEP or MEP Certification from FEMA.

PUBS-212: Emergency Communications and Public Information:  Industry Certifications that include FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) IS-1, IS-29, IS-42, IS-100, IS-139, IS-200, IS-230, IS-235, IS-240, IS-241, IS-242, IS-244, IS-247, IS-248, IS-250, G-290, IS-547, IS-700, IS-775, IS-800, ICS-300, and ICS-400; experience with social media (Facebook and Twitter), commercial text alert systems, and press release writing.

Position will remain open until filled.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Required: Master’s Degree in an appropriate public safety field (examples are: Fire Science, Fire Protection, Emergency Management, or Public Safety), current experience in the field, and additional requirements by classes below.
							
							Preferred: Experience teaching in a Community College setting, experience with Learning Management Systems.  Experience with FESHE Curriculum is preferred.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Part-time Faculty - Emergency Management &amp; Fire Science

		

	
		
			Tutor - Nursing
			Department: Tutoring Center
			
				
					Location: Newtown campus

Part-time (approximately 11 hours per week/42 weeks per year)

Primary Duties:
Tutor students in Nursing courses.  Attend and complete training sessions and requirements.  Conduct student orientations.  Create and review instructional and Center resources.

Hourly Rate: $14.2891/hour

Position open until filled.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Required:

CGPA requirement 3.2 or above.

A&#39;s in Nursing courses (with possible exception of one B+).

Excellent communication skills.

Technological proficiency.
							
							Preferred:

Clinical experience.

Associate&#39;s degree or 1-3 years tutoring experience.

Ability to work evening hours if needed.

Ability to work in a busy environment.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Tutor - Nursing

		

	
		
			Coach, Assistant Baseball
			Department: Athletics
			
				
					Location: Newtown campus

The seasonal, part-time Assistant Baseball Coach is responsible for supporting the head coach in executing, organization, administration and coaching of the Baseball program.

Primary Functions:
•Support and assist the head coach execute a clearly defined philosophy of coaching and teaching Baseball.
•Recruit sufficient qualified student-athletes.
•Assist with fundraising activities, to meet teams' financial goals.
•Assist head coach with transportation (driving van).
•Assist with game and practice setup and tear down (equipment, lines, tarp, etc.).
•Tracks and inventories equipment and uniforms and reports deficiencies.
•Monitoring student-athletes’ academic progress and provide support.
•Support and assist with retention initiatives in conjunction with the Director, Athletics including enforcing academic support plan and supporting both Completion and Student Success Agenda of the College.
•Displays a commitment to equality in player development and training.
•Scout and prepare team for completion.
•Collection of team statistics for each game. Load stats into website after each game.
•Comply with College, NJCAA, EPAC rules and regulations and all other aspects of directing a quality intercollegiate Baseball programs. Follow rules and guidelines set forth by the Athletic Department.

Position will remain open until filled.

Department # 61601

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Associate degree or an equivalent amount of coaching /playing experience and the extensive knowledge of the sport of Baseball at the intercollegiate level.
							
							One to three years of coaching experience at the high school or college level.
							
							Knowledge of NCAA and NJCAA rules and compliance.
							
							Valid Driver’s License free of violation.
							
							Knowledge and experience coaching Baseball.
							
							CPR and First Aid certification preferred.
							
						
					
				

				
					A driver's license check will be part of applying for this position.
				
			

			Apply for Coach, Assistant Baseball

		

	
		
			Note Taker/Scribe
			Department: Accessibility Office
			
				
					Location: Newtown campus

Part-time Note Take/Scribe position available (approx. 12-15 hours per week/30 weeks). Start at the beginning of the Fall semester.

The primary responsibilities are to provide equal access to students with specific disabilities by providing in-class notes, and writing or typing the students answers to tests or in-class writings.

•To attend class every day with the student on time. •To take appropriate notes either in writing or by computer, at the direction of the student; to forward such to students by email or other agreed upon procedure. •To write or type the student's responses on in class writings, including tests and quizzes. •To be able to accompany the student if test and/or in-class assignment is given at a different time or location due to student and instructor needs. •To communicate regularly with the Director of Accessibility Services as requested and as needed.

Background check needed.

Hourly rate: $11.20

Position will remain open until filled.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							High school diploma or GED with some college coursework completed.
							
							Demonstrated communication, English grammar and spoken skills.
							
							Experience taking quality academic notes.
							
							Commitment in adjusting to student needs and disability Services guidelines
							
							Flexibility and reliability
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Note Taker/Scribe

		

	
		
			IT Security Officer
			Department: Information Technology Services
			
				
					The IT Security Officer is responsible for the ongoing management and assurance of IT security. The position develops security processes and procedures to deal with changing threats; performs identification, investigation, resolution of security incidents; monitors/audits security of applications, web, computing infrastructure, networks and telecommunications; addresses privacy and confidentiality requirements; ensures standards are continuously sustained and improved within the internal teams, college organizations and outsourced partners. Ensures the security and integrity of data, data systems, and data networks across the entire organization. This includes designing and coordinating disaster recovery processes and business continuity procedures for re-establishing services in the event of a disruption, both minor and catastrophic.

Salary Range: $60,036 - $77,147

Bucks County Community College offers an exceptional benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, prescription, retirement plan, life insurance, short-term &amp; long-term disability, generous paid time off, tuition waivers, tuition assistance, flexible spending accounts, free wellness center usage, full service cafeteria and free parking on a beautiful Bucks County campus.

Position will remain open until filled.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Associates degree and 4 years work experience or Bachelor&#39;s degree.
							
							7-10 years of job related experience
							
							Server security management
							
							Network security management
							
							Desktop security management
							
							Systems installation, monitoring, and management experience
							
							Knowledge of Unix, Windows, Linux, major Internet browsers
							
							Knowledge of scripting, web security systems and web management
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for IT Security Officer

		

	
		
			Career Coach, Occupational Majors
			Department: Career Services
			
				
					Part-time 15 hours/week for 30 weeks/year, Grant-funded

The purpose of the part-time Career Coach position is to be adept at providing job search resources and assistance for students in occupational majors. This position is responsible for motivating and encouraging students toward academic completion through a robust job readiness program that positively impacts student satisfaction and student engagement.  Strong proficiency in resume critique and assessment.

Hourly Rate: $20.17

Application Deadline: 10/17/2017 (4:00PM)

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Bachelor&#39;s degree required (all degree(s) must be from regionally accredited institutions of higher learning).
							
							Two years direct experience working in a higher education, workforce training and employment, career services, or social service setting.
							
							Ability to relate to students from diverse socioeconomic and cultural backgrounds.
							
							Experience with the public workforce system.
							
							Exceptional organizational and planning skills, including competency in organizing, analyzing and synthesizing data, maintaining case notes and files, and preparing reports.  Ability to multi-task in a fast paced environment.
							
							Excellent interpersonal and oral/written communication skills needed to effectively interface with students individually and deliver quality classroom presentations on job search topics. Interfacing professionally with internal college departments is also a must.
							
							Exceptional customer service, consultation, facilitation and active listening skills.
							
							Ability to work independently and within a team.
							
							Proficiency with Microsoft Office applications including Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint. Ability to use web-based applications and social media required.
							
							Experience with various Career assessment tools required.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Career Coach, Occupational Majors

		

	
		
			Adult Basic Literacy/High School Equivalency (GED and HiSET) Instructor
			Department: Literacy Grant
			
				
					Location: Upper Bucks Campus - Perkasie

Two Mornings per week (Tuesday and Thursday; 9:00 am – 12:00 noon)

The primary purpose of this per diem position is to instruct adults in basic literacy and High School Equivalency (GED or HiSET) programs. The position is grant funded and follows the guidelines of the PA state office of Adult Basic Literacy Education (ABLE). Curriculum includes Mathematics, English writing and grammar, Science, Social Studies, and critical reading/thinking to a diverse population of students. Students range in age from 18 to 70+, may be working or unemployed, and have reading and/or math skills at the 5th grade to college level, as determined by standardized adult-normed assessments (TABE).

Hourly Rate: $20.00

Application Deadline: 10/20/2017 (4:00pm)

Department # 19146 (ABLE Program)

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Bachelor’s Degree and teaching experience - preference for candidates with experience teaching adults.
							
							Ability to work with diverse students – both individually and in a group setting.
							
							Ability to facilitate increases in students’ Educational Functioning Levels in reading and math.
							
							Ability to develop, institute and mange individual student study plans by providing the tools and resources for students to work independently to attain the skills and knowledge needed for successful completion of core goals.
							
							Superior oral and written communication.
							
							Experienced in administering the Test of Adult Basic Education (TABE) a plus.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Adult Basic Literacy/High School Equivalency (GED and HiSET) Instructor

		

	
		
			Help Desk Technician I
			Department: Information Technology Services
			
				
					The primary purpose of the part-time (4 days a week/approximately 5 hours per day) Help Desk Technician I position is to provide one-stop Help Desk support services of campus technologies to faculty, staff, and students at all three College campuses. Client assistance is provided through direct face-to-face contact, classroom and training settings, emails, Help Desk tickets, and phone and voicemail contacts. 
In order to provide these services the incumbent must be proficient on the most current versions of the Microsoft Office Suite, multiple operating systems including Windows 7 – 10, and the various MAC OS’, College application systems including the ERP system, the Learning Management System and the College’s portal, various Internet browsers such as Internet Explorer, Edge, Firefox, Chrome, and Safari, and other software that is specific to a particular area. 

The incumbent is expected to answer basic Tier One questions independently and be comfortable escalating Tier Two and higher level questions to more senior level Help Desk staff. 

Hourly Range: $17.7208 - $18.9612

Application Deadline:10/10/2017 (4:00pm)

Physical Required.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Associate’s degree in appropriate discipline with a minimum of 1 year of related experience (or a Bachelor’s degree in the appropriate discipline). 
							
							Demonstrated experience in a technical customer support environment preferred.
							
							Demonstrated problem solving and time management skills.
							
							Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
							
							Excellent writing skills (preferred experience with developing technical documentation).
							
							Ability to handle multiple support requests or clients simultaneously for sustained periods of time.
							
							Flexibility to work outside of regular hours when necessary.
							
							Demonstrated knowledge of contemporary operating systems software, learning management systems, instructional and commercial software packages, database management, web-based applications and the College’s administrative applications such as Colleague and Web Advisor.
							
							Must be comfortable dealing directly with clients in a walkup environment.
							
							Must have the ability to handle upset or belligerent clients.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Help Desk Technician I

		

	
		
			Specialized Support
			Department: Bucks Online
			
				
					The part-time (25-hour per week) Specialized Support position provides second and third tier support for 8,000+ students in credit, non-credit, Public Safety, and Dual Enrollment courses using the College’s Learning Management System (LMS) and associated online technologies to resolve LMS computing problems. Analyze and assess end-user LMS difficulties, troubleshoot and resolve computing problems related to online course tools. Responsible for updating Bucks Online data. Main point of contact for prospective and current Bucks Online student inquiries.

This position is eligible for pro-rated benefits.

Hourly Range: $16.3450 - $17.4891

Open until filled.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Associate degree or equivalent.
							
							1 - 3 years job-related experience.
							
							Excellent customer service skills demonstrating patience, diplomacy, understanding and reassurance; excellent listening skills.
							
							Proven interpersonal, verbal, communication, and analytical skills, including the ability to elicit information from end users and provide technical responses and problem resolution in easy-to-understand terminology. 
							
							Proven competence in the following technical operations and applications - Mac and PC operating systems, multiple Internet browsers, e-mail, Instant Messaging (IM), Learning Management Systems, multiple security software, Java, various multi-media software. 
							
							Proven knowledge in all Microsoft Office applications. Advanced knowledge of Excel.  
							
							Attention to detail a must.
							
							Proven experience utilizing basic HTML to create, update and maintain web related databases and web pages. 
							
							Ability to lift moderate amount of weight (approximately 20 lbs.).
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Specialized Support

		

	
		
			Coordinator, Nurse Aide Training Program
			Department: Health Sciences
			
				
					Location: Newtown Campus

The Full-time Coordinator, Nurse Aide Training Program will manage the overall delivery and all aspects of the Nurse Aide Training Program in accordance with the Pennsylvania Department of Education regulations (PDE).  Manage and oversee all external career affiliations/agreements such as Career Link and Trade-Act.

Primary Functions:
•Oversee, coordinate and provide leadership in the implementation and management of all the responsibilities and duties related to the Nurse Aide Training Program.
•Ensure adherence to the regulations of the PDE for all program procedures.
•Ensure that all administrative/coordinator duties related to the program are completed, including: all areas of exam scheduling and administering, interactions and notifications of information to instructors, collect registration forms and money orders, developing course spreadsheets, course and master courses calendars, scheduling class, clinical and clinical makes-ups, completing all required reports such as PSNA, track NNAAP results, copy course documents for faculty and students for first day of class, inventory and order lab supplies and other responsibilities under the area of the Nurse Aide Training Program.
•Interview all students, administer pre-entrance exam, and counsel students as needed. Authorize admittance of potential students after reviewing the essential documents to include health records and criminal background checks.
•Update and revise Curriculum and all required paperwork for instructors, students and the Nurse Aide training Program to meet Federal regulations of ORBA and the State Law of Act 14.
•Submit all required documentation to the Pennsylvania Department of Education as per the hiring process for Nurse Aide Instructors.
•Strategize to increase the CNA offering at all three campuses as well as develop new and innovative styles of presenting the program within State guidelines.
•Responsible for academic advising of students in the health careers both on the credit and non-credit side.
•Conduct periodic comprehensive program evaluation and be responsible for annual internal assessment of the program/course objectives.
•Responsible for managing all external agreements/affiliations, including the completion and oversight of all required documentation with organizations such as but not limited to Career Link and Trade-Act.

Salary Range: $44,368 - $55,903

Bucks County Community College offers an exceptional benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, prescription, retirement plan, life insurance, short-term &amp; long-term disability, generous paid time off, tuition waivers, tuition assistance, flexible spending accounts, free wellness center usage, full service cafeteria and free parking on a beautiful Bucks County campus.

Open until filled.

Health Sciences #10700

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Registered Nurse (Bachelors degree in Nursing preferred)
							
							4-6 years job-related experience.
							
							Current clinical experience.
							
							Knowledge of or willing to learn PDE policies and procedures relevant to the position.
							
							Ability to multi-task while meeting multiple deadlines and time management.
							
							Dependable, self-directed, excellent problem solving skills, communication skills and interpersonal skills.
							
							Excellent computer skills to include: Microsoft Office, Smart Boards, Canvas and willing to learn new programs relevant to the position.
							
							Ability to work flexible hours to manage the Nurse Aide Program.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Coordinator, Nurse Aide Training Program

		

	
		
			Technology Coordinator
			Department: Security and Safety
			
				
					The full-time Security &amp; Safety Technology Coordinator is responsible for supporting the technical infrastructure of the organization, including surveillance cameras and other networked security systems; CAD/RMS software, radio system, dispatch center hardware, emergency mass notification systems, parking system and other technical systems designated by the Executive Director.
Technology Coordinator will seek to maximize functionality and minimize downtime for all systems. Will work with BCCC ITS and vendors as needed to diagnose problems and effect necessary repairs. Will evaluate existing systems and work with management on planning investment in new or enhanced technologies.
Will provide technology training and assistance to Security &amp; Safety employees as well as end users of Security &amp; Safety systems. 

Salary Range: $40,127 - $50,560

Bucks County Community College offers an exceptional benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, prescription, retirement plan, life insurance, short-term &amp; long-term disability, generous paid time off, tuition waivers, tuition assistance, flexible spending accounts, free wellness center usage, full service cafeteria and free parking on a beautiful Bucks County campus.

Application Deadline: 10/11/2017 (4:00 PM)

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							High school diploma of general equivalency and 3 years work experience. Associate degree preferred.
							
							5+ years of experience with CAD/RMS systems in a law enforcement, campus security, military or private security environment.
							
							Demonstrated successful experience creating policy &amp; procedures for end users of technical products.
							
							Familiarity and experience with physical security systems such as surveillance cameras, access control and alarms.
							
							Experience in recommending new technology investments.
							
						
					
				

				
					A driver's license check will be part of applying for this position.
				
			

			Apply for Technology Coordinator

		

	
		
			Data Analyst
			Department: Institutional Research
			
				
					The full-time Data Analyst is responsible for working with large data sets to design, develop and test reports using data visualization software. This position will assist in gathering and interpreting user requirements into report specifications, extract and maintain datasets using SQL and summarize data, trends and patterns to support college decision making. In addition, the data analyst performs basic statistical analysis, interprets and translates findings into results and assists in report writing and presentations. Also serves as the Institutional Research Office operational back-up as needed on various projects, functions and assessment activities. Strong Preference given to applicants with experience in SQL.  Tableau or IBM Watson experience a plus.   

Salary Range: $40,127 - $50,560 (depending upon experience above the minimum requirements)

Application Deadline: 10/16/2017 (4:00PM) 

Bucks County Community College offers an exceptional benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, prescription plans, 403B pension plan, life insurance, short &amp; long-term disability, paid time off, tuition waivers, tuition assistance, summer hours, wellness center, full service cafeteria and free parking on a beautiful Bucks County campus.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Associates degree and 4 years of work experience or Bachelor&#39;s degree and 1 year experience in a related field.
							
							Experience with data visualization software like Tableau or IBM Watson preferred.
							
							Knowledge of relational databases.
							
							Working knowledge of SQL strongly preferred.
							
							Education and training background in statistics and research methods.
							
							Knowledge and experience with Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook.
							
							Knowledge and skill in the use of statistical analysis software (SPSS) preferred.
							
							Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
							
							Knowledge of ethical standards and proper confidentiality protocols in handling highly sensitive research and planning information.
							
							Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work well as a team member within the Office of Institutional Research and Assessment.
							
							Maintain relationships with and provide support to other department members and College personnel.
							
							Experience in higher education a plus.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Data Analyst

		

	
		
			Part-Time Faculty - Spanish
			Department: Language &amp; Literature
			
				
					Part-time faculty to teach Spanish for the Spring 2018 semester (day courses).

Required: Master's degree in Spanish or native speaker with a Bachelor's degree. Preferred: Experience teaching in a Community College setting. 

Open until filled.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							MA in Spanish or native speaker with Bachelor’s degree.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Part-Time Faculty - Spanish

		

	
		
			Graduate Assistant (Achieve Program)
			Department: Accessibility Office
			
				
					2 Positions Available

The Graduate Assistant position for the Achieve program will allow graduate student to work with currently enrolled Bucks County Community College students that have disclosed a diagnosis of Autism Spectrum Disorder to the Accessibility Office. The Graduate Assistant position will provide direct support to students on the Autism spectrum in the areas of executive functioning, time management, academic needs, social skills support, problem resolution, and orientation to campus and resources concerns. The successful candidate will participate in programming and provide resources that support student success. This position requires fifteen to twenty (15-20) hours per week at the Newtown Campus. Training will be provided to the successful candidate.

Paid Internship - $1,500/semester

Anticipate Start Date: Spring 2018 Semester

Application Deadline: 11/17/2017 (4:00 PM)

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Bachelor&#39;s Degree in education, psychology, special education, social work, higher education or counseling required.  Candidate must be enrolled in a graduate program at an accredited college or university for education, psychology, special education, social work, higher education.  Experience working with college or high school students on the spectrum preferred.  The candidate will need a letter from their college or university to show that they are enrolled in the required program and are in good standing with their college or university.  The student will provide a copy of their resume, a cover letter, and three academic and/or professional references.
							
							Knowledge of the strengths, limitations and capabilities of individual student on the Autism Spectrum.
							
							Ability to work with students in need of interventions at various levels of the college experience.
							
							Proven knowledge of assistive technologies and an understanding of Section 508 requirements.
							
							Demonstrated interpersonal, communication and organizational skills combined with flexibility, innovative thinking and problem resolution.
							
							Ability to work with a wide range of persons, including those with learning difference and documented disabilities.
							
							Ability and willingness to work with various college departments to facilitate services and supports as needed students.
							
							An understanding of higher education systems and protocols.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Graduate Assistant (Achieve Program)

		

	
		
			Specialized Support, Loan Technician
			Department: Financial Aid
			
				
					This full-time position is primarily responsible for the Federal Direct Student Loan Programs, PLUS Loans and Private/Alternative loans.  In addition, responsibilities include completion of enrollment verification forms, and student loan deferments. Intensive student and parent contact.  This is an in depth position that requires analytical skills to resolve student application issues and thorough knowledge of federal regulation and tax filing guidelines.  This position is also responsible for performing file verification and processing of assigned portion of student files (R-T.)  Customer service includes some phone and front counter contact with students, parents and general public.

Hourly Range: $16.3450 - $17.4892 (depending upon experience above the minimum requirements)

Application Deadline: 10/18/2017 (4:00 PM)

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Associate degree or high school diploma/GED and 1 - 3 years work experience.
							
							Experience in Accounting or Bookkeeping is preferred.
							
							Knowledge of Colleague is helpful. Proficient in Microsoft Office Products or other software programs.
							
							Effective written and verbal communication skills.
							
							Must handle confidential matters in a highly professional manner.
							
							Detail oriented. Must be able to work independently with minimal supervisor.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Specialized Support, Loan Technician

		

	
		
			Dean, Language and Literature
			Department: Language &amp; Literature
			
				
					Location: Newtown campus
The primary purpose of this position is to lead, manage, and support the Department of Language and Literature as it relates to the college, and interacts with the community.
•Manage department, direct department planning, allocate resources, and propose and manage budgets. 
•Schedule all courses and assign faculty. 
•Develop, maintain, assess, and revise department curricula. 
•Advise students and faculty, resolve problems, and mediate conflicts. •Coordinate with campus leadership to implement college policies and advance college initiatives. 
•Evaluate all full-time and part-time faculty in accordance with the faculty contract. 
•Interview and hire part-time faculty; interview and recommend for hire new full-time faculty. 
•Supervise and evaluate department staff in accordance with college policies. •Meet with Area Coordinators and provide support to their leadership.
•Provide orientation, mentoring, and training for faculty and staff. 
•Provide professional development opportunities for faculty and staff. 
•Serve on college standing committees, hiring committees, task forces and work groups, as assigned. 
•Conduct department and staff meetings, oversee area and committee meetings. 
•Meet with all new full-time faculty. 
•Coordinate all department outcomes assessment activities. 
•Initiate and update transfer opportunities, articulation, and certification agreements. 
•Coordinate grant activities. 
•Coordinate mentoring of new part-time faculty.

Bucks County Community College offers an exceptional benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, prescription plans, 403B pension plan, life insurance, short &amp; long-term disability, paid time off, tuition waivers, tuition assistance, summer hours, wellness center, full service cafeteria and free parking on a beautiful Bucks County campus.

Provide with an application, a cover letter addressing the functions and requirements of this job, a current CV, and the contact information for three references, one of whom is a current supervisor.

Position will be open until filled.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							M.A. in English, Composition and Rhetoric, Comparative Literature, or a field related to any of the disciplines in the Department.
							
							7-10 years teaching experience, preferably in a community college.
							
							Commitment to and an interest in promoting scholarship.
							
							Academic leadership and progressively increasing administrative experience (e.g., decision-making, budget, personnel, and planning, and accreditation experience).
							
							Significant commitment to collaborative and innovative efforts among the various areas of the College, including the non-credit programs.
							
							Excellent written and spoken communication skills.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Dean, Language and Literature

		

	
		
			Part-Time Faculty - German
			Department: Language &amp; Literature
			
				
					Part-time faculty to teach German for the Spring 2018 semester. Day courses.

Required: Master’s Degree in German or native speaker with Bachelor's degree. 
Preferred: Experience teaching in a Community College setting.

Open until filled.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							MA in German or native speaker with Bachelor&#39;s degree
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Part-Time Faculty - German

		

	
		
			Coordinator, Contracted Safety Training Programs- INTERNAL APPLICANTS ONLY
			Department: Dept. of Defense
			
				
					Location: Doylestown

The Full-time Coordinator, Contracted Safety Training Programs coordinates contracted training courses delivered both nationally and internationally. Essential responsibilities include detailed coordination, implementation, and monitoring of instructor assignments, national and international travel arrangements, base access and travel order criteria, course materials, and support needs. This position coordinates all aspects of effective program delivery and certification testing delivered to off-site locations. As the primary point of contact for our area, this position regularly communicates and plans logistical details with managers and liaison personnel for our corporate partners. This position is accountable for coordinating multiple projects simultaneously. This position works closely with three Directors, including the Executive Director for the Area, to ensure logistical accuracy and full resource support for both public and industrial safety programs.

Bucks County Community College offers an exceptional benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, prescription, retirement plan, life insurance, short-term &amp; long-term disability, generous paid time off, tuition waivers, tuition assistance, flexible spending accounts, free wellness center usage, full service cafeteria and free parking on a beautiful Bucks County campus.

Salary Range: $37,017 - $46,641

Application Deadline: 10/10/2017 (4:00pm)

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							4 - 6 years related work experience or Associates degree.
							
							2 - 4 years job-related experience in customer service capacity
							
							Excellent computer, planning, and organizational skills.
							
							Must be self-motivated and detailed-oriented.
							
							Excellent customer service, interpersonal, and written and verbal communications skills.
							
							Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
							
							Must be able to initiate, coordinate, and monitor multiple simultaneous projects with strict timelines.
							
							Working knowledge of public &amp; industrial safety training and certification system.
							
							Ability to communicate with business partners and clients at all levels.
							
							Flexible and responsive to accept new challenges from dynamic service field.
							
						
					
				

				
					A driver's license check will be part of applying for this position.
				
			

			Apply for Coordinator, Contracted Safety Training Programs- INTERNAL APPLICANTS ONLY

		

	
		
			Special Term Contract - Full-time Faculty - Nutrition
			Department: Kinesiology and Sports Studies
			
				
					Special Term Contract - Spring 2018 semester

Discipline: Nutrition 

Required: Masters degree in Nutrition; Registered Dietitian, licensed in the state of Pennsylvania, 1-3 years relevant teaching experience in nutrition at the college level. Must be available for day classes on Newtown Campus.

Preferred: Community College experience

Applicant review will begin immediately until position is filled.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Masters degree in Nutrition
							
							Registered Dietitian, licensed in the state of Pennsylvania
							
							1-3 years relevant teaching experience in nutrition at the college level.
							
							Preferred - Community College experience
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Special Term Contract - Full-time Faculty - Nutrition

		

	
		
			Professional Advisor - Health Sciences
			Department: Advising and Transfer Center
			
				
					This part-time (approximately 25 hours per week) Professional Advisor - Health Sciences position is responsible for meeting one-on-one, and/or in small groups, with Bucks students to provide academic advisement, culminating in the development of an educational plan to facilitate students' academic success. Though this position will require training to advise students from all academic areas, the Professional Advisor will be assigned students from one or more academic departments as their primary focus. The Professional Advisor will be expected to become a subject-matter expert in their assigned area(s) of advising expertise. This mastery will be obtained both through learning unique procedures related to their advising assignment and by active engagement with affiliated academic departments. Advising responsibilities across all areas of expertise include assisting students with understanding course scheduling and selection based on placement scores, prior coursework, program of study requirements, career or transfer goals, and preparedness for college studies. The incumbent for this position will also be expected to manage a substantial and ongoing caseload of advisees, the number of which may fluctuate based upon changing needs. Finally, this position will be expected to assist with a wide variety of advising events throughout the calendar year.

This position is eligible for pro-rated benefits.

Hourly Rate: $22.75 - $28.66 (depending upon experience above the minimum requirements)

Application Deadline: 10/11/2017 (4:00 PM)

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Bachelor&#39;s degree. Master’s degree or higher in a related discipline is preferred
							
							At least two years of experience working in advising in a professional setting.
							
							Knowledge of the same academic advising field and higher educational planning basics.
							
							Strong interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills - to include active listening and presentation skills.
							
							Ability to solve problems and to be resourceful.
							
							Strong organizational and customer service skills
							
							Technological proficiency with Microsoft applications and information systems.
							
							Ability to work independently with minimal supervision.
							
							Understanding of FERPA/confidentiality regarding student records.
							
							Ability to multitask in a dynamic service environment.
							
							Availability to work some evenings and weekends and travel to all campuses (Newtown, Bristol, Perkasie and Bucks Online).
							
							Availability to advise students on a year-round basis.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Professional Advisor - Health Sciences

		

	
		
			Clinical Instructor, Practical Nursing
			Department: Center for Allied Health
			
				
					Responsible for the delivery of the Practical Nursing Program clinical curriculum on a part-time basis. Newtown campus.

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							BSN minimum plus 3 - 5 years working as an RN.
							
							Prior nursing education experience preferred but not required.
							
							Current, active Pennsylvania RN License.
							
							Ability to demonstrate leadership and organizational skills.
							
							Ability to problem solve and demonstrate critical thinking skills.
							
							Ability to work well with others and demonstrate excellent communication skills.
							
							Basic Life Support Certification for Health Care Providers.
							
							Ability to lift 50lbs.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Clinical Instructor, Practical Nursing

		

	
		
			Library Assistant
			Department: Library
			
				
					Location: Newtown campus (and the other campuses as needed).

The part-time (10 hours per week) Library/Learning Resources Assistant is responsible for staffing the Learning Resources welcome desk on the Newtown Campus and the library service desk at all campus library locations. At the welcome desk, the position provides information about the College and answers directional questions. At the library service desk, the position circulates books, laptops, and other multimedia equipment, assists with technology related questions, issues ID cards, monitors library user activity, and responds to library user inquiries. At either location, the assistant may work on special projects.

Primary Duties: •Performs the functions of the Learning Resources welcome desk which include providing information about the College and Learning Resources, answering directional questions, including referring students, faculty and visitors to appropriate Learning Resources personnel, monitoring the activities of students and community patrons on the second floor of the Library, and providing circulation assistance for the Library and Media Lab

•Performs the functions of the library service desk which include circulating library materials, issuing student ID cards, employee ID cards, and community user cards, and answering directional questions. Answers the telephone, and directs contact inquiries from students, faculty, and community users regarding the Library and Learning Resources. Must be proficient in using software, such as SirsiDynix Workflows (integrated library system), TutorTrack (tutoring scheduling software), and Ellucian Colleague. At the extension site locations, this position will be the only Learning Resources staff present and may address reference questions that do not require in-depth research.

•Assists students with laptops and may provide technology support when no IT Help Desk staff are scheduled. Troubleshoots copiers and printers, clears paper jams, and adds paper.

•May be scheduled to open or close the library, ensuring that all equipment is operational, cash drawer and camera equipment is secured and laptop computers are all accounted for. All issues/problems are communicated to the Director, Library Services.

Physical required.

Hourly Range: $13.3601 - $14.2953

Application Deadline: 10/20/2017 (4:00pm)

				

				
					
						Minimum Requirements Include:
						
							
							Associate degree or equivalent.
							
							Less than 1-year job related experience.
							
							Capable of understanding and using various computer programs and support equipment.
							
							Effective customer service skills.
							
							Ability to stand on stepstools and retrieve items from above, which require freedome of movement to reach overhead and remove an item of 10-15 pounds.
							
							Handle items such as books and laptops weighing up to 20 pounds.
							
							Ability to work independently as well as under supervision.
							
						
					
				

				
			

			Apply for Library Assistant

		

	

	

Bucks County Community College does not discriminate against any employee, applicant for employment, student or applicant for admission because of race, color, sex, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, an individual's actual or perceived disability, genetic information or veteran status.

Accordingly, all recruiting, hiring, and promoting for all job classifications will be made without regard to race, color, sex, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, an individual's actual or perceived disability, genetic information or veteran status.

All recruiting and admissions of students will be made without regard to race, color, sex, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, an individual's actual or perceived disability, genetic information or veteran status.






	
						
					
						
							

		Accreditations
		Board of Trustees
		Campuses
		Catalog
		Community/Visitors
		Compliance
		Consumer Information
		Directories
		Employment
		FAQs
		Foundation/Alumni
		History
		Maps &amp; Directions
		PoliciesPresident's Welcome
		PurchasingRegister for Summer
		SustainabilityVision
	

							
						
						
					
				
                                
			
		
		
		
			
		
			




				215-968-8000

				275 Swamp Road
Newtown PA 18940

    40.239055 N  
    -74.967149 W  
  
        

			

			         


function googleTranslateElementInit() {
  new google.translate.TranslateElement({pageLanguage: 'en', layout: google.translate.TranslateElement.InlineLayout.SIMPLE, gaTrack: true, gaId: 'UA-2542475-10'}, 'google_translate_element');
}



			&copy; 2017 Bucks County Community College.All rights reserved.
		
		
		
			Bucks is forProspective StudentsNew &amp; Current StudentsFaculty &amp; StaffCommunity &amp; VisitorsAlumni &amp; DonorsBusiness &amp; CommunityParents &amp; Family
		

		
			CampusesMaps &amp; DirectionsNewtownLower BucksUpper BucksBucks Online
			LegalDisclaimerPolicies &amp; ProceduresNotice of Non-Discrimination
		

		
			Stay in TouchContact UsSocial MediaEmergency InformationSuggestions and Feedback for the PresidentSystem Status
			AccessibilityAdaptive ResourcesThe Accessibility OfficeWeb Accessibility



		
					

		
	  		

	  				Does Bucks offer a course on
 ?
	  				
	  			
	  		
	  		
	  			Academics
		  		
		  			Get started todayMajors &amp; CertificatesAcademic DepartmentsBucks OnlineCollege CatalogMaster Course OutlinesPayment OptionsApply Now!
		  		
		  		
		  			Upcoming termsFall 2017Wintersession 2018Spring 2018
		  		
	  		
	  		
	  			Continuing Education
		  		
		  			Explore your optionsContinuing EducationInformation TechnologyKids on CampusPublic Safety Training &amp; CertificationBusiness &amp; Industry Customized TrainingRegister Now!
		  		
		  		
		  			Learn more about our offeringsAll Course OfferingsHow to RegisterOnline Learning
		  		
	  		
	  	
		
  

MyBucks




Student and Employee Portal
  


  

Password Manager




Change your password and get password help
  


  

Academic Calendar




Important dates
  


  

Bookstore




Textbook info, hours, locations
  


  

BucksMail




Student and employee email
  


  

Canvas




Learning Management System
  


  

Directories




Contact info for people and places
  


  

Employment




Career opportunities at Bucks
  


  

Help Desk




Assistance for students, faculty, &amp; staff
  


  

Scholarships




Apply online for scholarships
  


  

WebAdvisor




Register for classes, check grades, and more
  


                
		
		

		
			
		

		
	
	
		
	

		
		
	
